[ACTP-467] Update public doc to recommend single file for PAR secrets (#28396)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/private_actions/private_action_credentials.md

> Include all credentials in a single file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include all credentials in a single file:
```

{
        "auth_type": "Token Auth",
        "credentials": [
                {
                        "tokenName": "host",
                        "tokenValue": "HOST_NAME"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "port",
                        "tokenValue": "PORT"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "user",
                        "tokenValue": "USER"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "password",
                        "tokenValue": "PASSWORD"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "database",
                        "tokenValue": "DATABASE_NAME"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "sslmode",
                        "tokenValue": "require"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "applicationName",
                        "tokenValue": "APPLICATION_NAME"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "searchPath",
                        "tokenValue": "SEARCH_PATH"
                }
        ]
}

> {{< /code-block >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< /code-block >}}

Replace the example values with your credentials.

```

{{% tab "Jenkins" %}}

The Jenkins connection accepts the following credentials:

|  Credential    | Required    | Description |
| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |
| `domain` | Yes | The domain of the Jenkins server that you want to connect to. |
| `username` | Yes | The username of the Jenkins user that you want to use to authenticate with the Jenkins server. This user must have the necessary permissions to perform the actions you want your runner to perform. |
| `token` | Yes | The API token of the Jenkins user that you want to use to authenticate with the Jenkins server. This user must have the necessary permissions to perform the actions you want to perform. You can generate an API token in the Jenkins user settings. |

Include all credentials in a single file.

> In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. In this example, all three credentials are stored in a single file. Replace `USERNAME`, `API_TOKEN`, and `DOMAIN` with your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{% tab "Jenkins" %}}

The Jenkins connection accepts the following credentials:

|  Credential    | Required    | Description |
| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |
| `domain` | Yes | The domain of the Jenkins server that you want to connect to. |
| `username` | Yes | The username of the Jenkins user that you want to use to authenticate with the Jenkins server. This user must have the necessary permissions to perform the actions you want your runner to perform. |
| `token` | Yes | The API token of the Jenkins user that you want to use to authenticate with the Jenkins server. This user must have the necessary permissions to perform the actions you want to perform. You can generate an API token in the Jenkins user settings. |

> Include all credentials in a single file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include all credentials in a single file:
```

}

> {{< /code-block >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< /code-block >}}

Replace `USERNAME`, `API_TOKEN`, and `DOMAIN` with your credentials.

```

}
{{< /code-block >}}

In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. Your Jenkins connection points to the same path for all credentials. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/jenkins_token.json` on the runner.

{{< img src="service_management/par-jenkins-credentials.png" alt="The path to the credential file is '/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/jenkins_token.json'" style="width:80%;" >}}

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "HTTP" %}}

Reviewer 2: This is missing No Auth. I know there isn't a configuration/inputs for it but do you think it would be useful to mention?

Author: Not sure. I'd say no ? Because it's explicit enough compared to the other authentication mechanism ?

Author: added a minimal section about this

{{< code-block lang="json" filename="/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/gitlab_token.json" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}
{
        "auth_type": "Token Auth",
        "credentials": [
                {
                        "tokenName": "gitlabApiToken",
                        "tokenValue": "API_TOKEN"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "baseURL",
                        "tokenValue": "GITLAB_URL"
                }
        ]
}
{{< /code-block >}}

In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. Your GitLab connection points to the same path for all credentials. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/gitlab_token.json` on the runner.

{{< img src="service_management/par-gitlab-credentials.png" alt="The path to the credential file is '/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/gitlab_token.json'" style="width:80%;" >}}

[201]: https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "MongoDB" %}}

> MongoDB supports two different connection methods:

Author: yep. for me it makes sense to `connect to a DB` 😅 . But I can switch to authentication

> MongoDB supports two different connection methods:

Author: switched to authentication 👍

- **SRV Connection**: Use this method when connecting to MongoDB Atlas or when you need automatic replica set discovery and failover. This method uses a DNS SRV record to automatically discover all members of a replica set.
- **Standard Connection**: Use this method when connecting directly to a MongoDB server or when you need to specify the exact host and port.

Choose the connection method that best suits your needs and follow the corresponding configuration instructions below.

### SRV Connection

The MongoDB SRV connection accepts the following credentials:

|  Credential    | Required    | Description |
| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |
| `username` | Yes | The MongoDB username for authentication. |
| `password` | Yes | The MongoDB password for authentication. |
| `srvHost` | Yes | The SRV host for MongoDB Atlas or replica set discovery. |

> | `database` | No | The name of the database to connect to. |

Reviewer 2: I thought all parameters in PAR are now required?

> | `database` | No | The name of the database to connect to. |

Reviewer 2: I thought all parameters in PAR are now required?

{{< code-block lang="json" filename="/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/http_token.json" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}
{
	"auth_type": "Token Auth",
	"credentials": [
		{
			"tokenName": "TOKEN1",
			"tokenValue": "VALUE1"
		},
		{
			"tokenName": "TOKEN2",
			"tokenValue": "VALUE2"
		}
	]
}
{{< /code-block >}}

Replace `TOKEN1`, `TOKEN2`, `VALUE1`, and `VALUE2` with your token names and values.

In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/http_token.json`.

{{< img src="service_management/par-http-token-credentials.png" alt="The path to the credential file is '/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/http_token.json'" style="width:80%;" >}}

### No authentication

This connection type is suitable for HTTP endpoints that do not require authentication.

To configure this connection, specify the endpoint URL:

{{< img src="service_management/par-http-no-auth-credentials.png" alt="An HTTP connection without authentication" style="width:80%;" >}}

> [101]: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING-URIS

Reviewer 3: nit: is it postgresql the best example here since we support postgresql connections now ?

        ]
}
{{< /code-block >}}

Replace `SERVER_ADDRESS`, `SERVER_NAME_OVERRIDE`, `SERVER_ROOT_CA_CERTIFICATE`, `CLIENT_CERTIFICATE`, and `CLIENT_KEY` with your credentials.

In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_mTLS_token.json`.

{{< img src="service_management/par-temporal-mtls-credentials.png" alt="The path to the credential file is '/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_mTLS_token.json'" style="width:80%;" >}}

### TLS authentication

The Temporal TLS authentication requires the following credentials:

|  Credential    | Required    | Description |
| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |
| `serverAddress` | Yes | The server address (hostname and optional port). If undefined, port defaults to 7233. |
| `serverNameOverride` | Yes | The server name that overrides the target name (SNI) used for TLS host name checking. This can be useful when you have a reverse proxy in front of a temporal server and want to override the SNI to route traffic to the appropriate backend based on custom rules. |

> | `serverRootCACertificate` | Yes | The root CA certificate used by the server. If not set, and if the server's certificate is issued by a trusted authority, verification will still succeed (for example, if using a cloud provider like AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure, which issue server certificates through trusted, recognized CAs). |

Reviewer 3: ty ✨

[101]: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING-URIS
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "GitLab" %}}

The GitLab connection accepts the following credentials:

|  Credential    | Required    | Description |
| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |
| `baseURL` | Yes | The URL of your self-managed GitLab instance. For more information, see [GitLab API documentation][201]. |
| `gitlabApiToken` | Yes | The API token to authenticate with your GitLab instance. Generate this token in your GitLab user settings. |

Include all credentials in a single file:

{{< code-block lang="json" filename="/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/gitlab_token.json" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}
{
        "auth_type": "Token Auth",
        "credentials": [
                {
                        "tokenName": "gitlabApiToken",
                        "tokenValue": "GITLAB_API_TOKEN"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "baseURL",
                        "tokenValue": "GITLAB_URL"
                }
        ]
}
{{< /code-block >}}

> Replace `GITLAB_API_TOKEN` and `GITLAB_URL` with your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. Your MongoDB connection points to the same path for all credentials. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/mongodb_standard_token.json` on the runner.

{{< img src="service_management/par-mongodb-standard-credentials.png" alt="The path to the credential file is '/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/mongodb_standard_token.json'" style="width:80%;" >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Temporal" %}}

The Temporal supports three different authentication methods:

- **mTLS authentication**: Use this method for the most secure communication with two-way server to client certificate authentication.
- **TLS authentication**: Use this method for secure communication with server certificate authentication.
- **No authentication**: Use this method for unencrypted communication (not recommended for production environments).

Choose the authentication method that best suits your needs and follow the corresponding configuration instructions below.

### mTLS authentication

The Temporal mTLS authentication requires the following credentials:

> |  Credential    | Required    | Description |

Author: I wanted to follow the same format for the table for each tab. If that's not an issue, I am happy to get rid of this.

> |  Credential    | Required    | Description |

Reviewer: @merchristK Totally fair. I'm in support of that! Keep it in :)

| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |
| `serverAddress` | Yes | The server address (hostname and optional port). Port defaults to 7233 if address contains only host. |
| `serverNameOverride` | Yes | The server name override. Overrides the target name (SNI) used for TLS host name checking. This can be useful when you have reverse proxy in front of temporal server, and you may want to override the SNI to direct traffic to the appropriate backend server based on custom routing rules. |
| `serverRootCACertificate` | Yes | The root CA certificate used by the server. If not set, and the server's cert is issued by someone the operating system trusts, verification will still work (ex: Cloud offering). |
| `clientCertPairCrt` | Yes | The client certificate for connecting with mTLS. |

> | `clientCertPairKey` | Yes | The client key for connecting with mTLS. |

Reviewer 3: With "Cloud offering", we are referring to services like AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure. These platforms issue server certificates through trusted Certificate Authorities (CAs) that the operating system already recognizes

> | `clientCertPairKey` | Yes | The client key for connecting with mTLS. |

Reviewer: @merchristK Maybe we can say something like "(for example, if using a cloud provider like AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure, which issue server certificates through trusted, recognized CAs)."

> | `clientCertPairKey` | Yes | The client key for connecting with mTLS. |

Author: sounds like a good idea. It's not too verbose.

{{< code-block lang="json" filename="/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_mTLS_token.json" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}
{
        "auth_type": "Token Auth",
        "credentials": [
                {
                        "tokenName": "serverAddress",
                        "tokenValue": "SERVER_ADDRESS"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "serverNameOverride",
                        "tokenValue": "SERVER_NAME_OVERRIDE"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "serverRootCACertificate",
                        "tokenValue": "SERVER_ROOT_CA_CERTIFICATE"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "clientCertPairCrt",
                        "tokenValue": "CLIENT_CERTIFICATE"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "clientCertPairKey",
                        "tokenValue": "CLIENT_KEY"
                }
        ]
}
{{< /code-block >}}

> In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. Your Temporal connection points to the same path for all credentials. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_mTLS_token.json` on the runner.

Reviewer: "Your Temporal connection points to the same path for all credentials. " -- this line I think is implied, so I removed it. But if you think it's important to clarify this, keep it in!

```suggestion
In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_mTLS_token.json`.
```

{{< img src="service_management/par-temporal-mtls-credentials.png" alt="The path to the credential file is '/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_mTLS_token.json'" style="width:80%;" >}}

### TLS authentication

The Temporal TLS authentication requires the following credentials:

|  Credential    | Required    | Description |
| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |

> | `serverAddress` | Yes | The server address (hostname and optional port). Port defaults to 7233 if address contains only host. |
> | `serverNameOverride` | Yes | The server name override. Overrides the target name (SNI) used for TLS host name checking. This can be useful when you have reverse proxy in front of temporal server, and you may want to override the SNI to direct traffic to the appropriate backend server based on custom routing rules. |
> | `serverRootCACertificate` | Yes | The root CA certificate used by the server. If not set, and the server's cert is issued by someone the operating system trusts, verification will still work (ex: Cloud offering). |

Reviewer: Same note here - can we link out or be more specific with "Cloud offering"?

```suggestion
| `serverAddress` | Yes | The server address (hostname and optional port). If undefined, port defaults to 7233. |
| `serverNameOverride` | Yes | The server name that overrides the target name (SNI) used for TLS host name checking. This can be useful when you have a reverse proxy in front of a temporal server and want to override the SNI to route traffic to the appropriate backend based on custom rules. |
| `serverRootCACertificate` | Yes | The root CA certificate used by the server. If not set, and if the server's certificate is issued by a trusted authority, verification will still succeed (for example, Cloud offering). |
```

Include all credentials in a single file.

> In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. In this example, all credentials are stored in a single file. Replace the capitalized example values with your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{< code-block lang="json" filename="/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_TLS_token.json" disable_copy="false" collapsible="true" >}}
{
        "auth_type": "Token Auth",
        "credentials": [
                {
                        "tokenName": "serverAddress",
                        "tokenValue": "SERVER_ADDRESS"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "serverNameOverride",
                        "tokenValue": "SERVER_NAME_OVERRIDE"
                },
                {
                        "tokenName": "serverRootCACertificate",
                        "tokenValue": "SERVER_ROOT_CA_CERTIFICATE"
                }
        ]
}

> {{< /code-block >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< /code-block >}}

Replace `SERVER_ADDRESS`, `SERVER_NAME_OVERRIDE`, and `SERVER_ROOT_CA_CERTIFICATE` with your credentials.
```

> In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container. Your Temporal connection points to the same path for all credentials. In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_TLS_token.json` on the runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the runner's connection, specify the location of the credential file on the private action runner's container.  In this example, the credential file is stored at `/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_TLS_token.json`.
```

{{< img src="service_management/par-temporal-tls-credentials.png" alt="The path to the credential file is '/etc/dd-action-runner/credentials/temporal_TLS_token.json'" style="width:80%;" >}}

### No authentication

> This connection type is not recommended for production environments as it uses unencrypted communication. It should only be used for quickly testing the connection or in development environments. For production use, consider using either the TLS or mTLS authentication types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connection type uses unencrypted communication and is not recommended for production environments. It should only be used in development environments or for testing connections. For production use, consider using either the TLS or mTLS authentication types.
```

The connection type requires the following credentials:

|  Credential    | Required    | Description |
| -------------  | ----------- | ----------- |
| `address` | Yes | The server hostname and optional port. Port defaults to 7233 if address contains only host. |

> For this connection type, you do not need to create a credential file since the address is not a secret and is stored directly in Datadog. Simply provide the server address when configuring the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this connection type, you do not need to create a credential file since the address is not a secret and is stored directly in Datadog. To configure, provide the server address:
```
